Core 2 study notes
----------------------

Which of the following operating system types would work well in a office
environment? - Home client - The market for operating systems is divided into
four main sectoins. A home client uses an operating system designed to work on
a standalone or a workgroup PC in a home or small office.

A user has an older MIcrosoft Surface tablet for use while traveling. You are
having difficulty installing company specific software. Which operating system
does this tablet likely have? - Windows RT - Windows RT is early early
tablet-oriented OS that was introduced along with Windows 8. Windows RT only
runs on ARM CPU powered devices. PC compatible software is typically designed
for the x86 architecture and not ARM.

An OS provides an interface between defined components. Which of the following
is NOT one of those components? - Security - Security applies to all aspects
of computing including best practices, software updates, antivirus and more.
However, it is not an interface component that defines an operating system.

A user has been working in an application on Windows 10. They would like the
user to continue the work on a Windows  7 PC. It turns out the application is
not available for Windows 7. What type of application is not available for
Windows 7 PC. What type of application might it be? - Universal application -
A universal application is an application type in Windows 10. Universal
applications use an API for use accross Windows 10, WIndows 10 Mobile, and
XBOX devices. A universal app is obtained from the Microsoft store app.
Windows 7 does not support these application.

You have upgrade your Windows 7 PC from 4 GB of RAM to 8 GB of RAM byt
replacing the memory modules. When looking at the PCs system properties in
Windows, only 4 GB is available. What would be the likely reason the full 8 GB
is not available? - The operating system is 32-bit. - Windows 32-bit operating
systems have a 4 GB RAM limitation. For the system to access 8 GB of RAM, it
would be need to be running a 64-bit operating system. A 32-bit Windows
operating system cannot be upgraded to a 64-bit version so a fresh install
would be requied.

A user has an older Microsoft surface tablet for use hwile traveling. You are
having difficulty installing company specific software. Which operating system
does this tablet likely have? - Windows RT - Windows RT (Run Time) is an
early-tablet oriented tablet OS that was introduced along with Windows 8.
Windows RT only runs on ARM CPU powered devices. Pc compatible software is
typically designed for the x86 and NOT ARM.

The company's owern would like to purchase a very lightweight system to be
used while traveling. There is no need to join a Windows domain or to have an
ybusiness soft2ware other than Microsoft Office. What operating system do you
recommend? - Android - An Android device would suit the business owner. A
tablet device would be extremely lightweight and would support the need to use
Microsoft.

You are working on a Windows PC with multiple hard disks. The system is not
booting off the correct disk. You've determined that the hardware boot order
is correct. What next step could you take in Windows? - Set the active
partition. - An active partition sets where the system should boot from. When
a partition is marked as active, the eboot sector is populated with a record
that points to the Windows boot loader. The disk management tool can be used
to modify partitions.

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-type (Master Boot Record)
partitioned hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partition is allowed on a hard
drive. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition is. An
extended partition is divided into segments know as logical drives.

What partition type is bootable and can be marked as active? - Primary -
Primary partitions are bootable partitions. A MBR-type (Master Boot Record)
partition can have up to four primary partitions. A primary partition can be
marked as active, meaning it will be the boot partition.

A user's PC is experiencing severe sluggishness. You decide to try a reinstall
of the operating system but want to keep user settings and personal files.
which of the below do you try? - Refresh - A system refresh is an option that
was added beginning with Windows 8. With a system refresh. Windows is
reinstalled while keeping certain settings and personal files intact.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You plan on partitioning a hard drive. How
many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-style partitions? -
4 - When using MBR - style (Master Boot Record) partitions, up to four primary
partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as
active.

You would like to make changes to a Windows file system for an international
user. With which settings app can you change the date and time format? -
Region -The region settings app allows a user to change the country or regoin.
This impacts Windows ability to offer local content based on location. The
regional format can also be changed here which adjusts the date and time
format.

You are considering setting up a Windows multi-boot system with a few
different Windows operating systems. You are deciding between Master Boot
Record (MBR) type and GUI Partition table (GPT) type partitions. What are the
limitations with the MBR type partition? - Limitations of disk sizes up to 2
TB and up to four partitions.- Master Boot Record (MBR) type partitions have
limitations of disk sizes up to 2 TB and four primary partitions. The newer
GUID Partition Table (GPT) enables drives greater than 2 TB and 128
partitions.

You have a Windows 10 system that has failed. It turns out that the operating
system did not come with an media. What reinstallation method would be best to
try first? - Recovery partition - A recovery partition is a special partition
on a PC system's hard drive that contains the original factory software,
including the oprerating system and preinstalled device drivers. Booting from
the recovery partition initiates an out of the box installation.

Whic file system is a technical standard that is referred to as ISO 9660? -
CDFS - CDFS (CD File System) is a legacy file system used for Compact Disc
optical media. CDFS has two writing modes and an extension called Joliet that
allows for long file name support. This file ysst em is often referred to as
ISO 9660 as this is the technical standard issue by ISO.

What partition type can a logical partition be created in? - Extended -
Logical partitions can be create dinside an extended partition. An extended
partition is not formatted like a primary partition and the logical partitions
within can be used as logical drives. Logical partitions can hold an operating
system but are not bootable.

Upon using  partitioning tool on your Windows 7 PC, you have deleted a
partition labeled as recovery. What was this partition used for? - Factory
recovery - Factory recovery - A factory recovery partition is a special
partition that is created by the manufacturer of the system. This partition is
used to reinstall the system.

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-type (Masster Boot
Record) partitioned hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partiotion is lalowedf
on a hard drive. An extended partitoin is not formatted like a primary
partition is. An extended partition is divided into segments known as logical
drives.

You are installing a new hard drive in a PC system. You need to partition the
disk and owuld like to have five partitions on the disk. Which of the below
should you uyse to set up the disk? - GPT - A (GUID Partition Table) is a
partition layout type. IT is a new alternative to the MBR type. One of the
differences between the GPT and MBR types is the number of partiotoins that
can be created. The limit is four primary partitions for MBR and 128
partitions for GPT.

What partition type is bootable and can be marked as active?- Primary -
Primary partitions are bootable partitions. A MBR-type (Master Boot Record)
partition can have up to four primary partitions. A Primary partition can be
marked as active, meaning it will be the boot partition.

A user would like to upgrade a Windows & PC to Windows 10. There is a
specialized expansion card that would need to be supported. Which of the
following will be required for the card to work with Windows 10? - Device
Drivers - Device drivers are required for hardware to function properly. Prior
to upgrading the operating system, the expansion car manufacturer's support
web site should be checked for compatibility and drivers.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You plan on partitioning a hard drive. how
many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-systel partitions? -
4 - When using MBR-style (Master Boot Record) partitions, up to 4 primary
partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as
active.

You are about to start the repair installation of a personal Windows 7
workstation. There is one volume in the system and Windows will no longer boot
properly. Which boot  device will likely need to be the highest priority
device? - Optical drive - To repair a Windows 7 installation, booting from the
installation disk is required. As the installation media is likely on optical
media, an optical drive would be the best choice. A bootable flash drive would
also work in this scenario.

You are considering setting up a Windows multi-boot system with a few different Windows operating systems. You are deciding between Master Boot Record (MBR) type and GUID Partition table (GPT) type partitions. What are the limitations with the MBR type partition? - Limitations of disk sizes up to 2 TB and up to four partitions. - Master Boot Record (MBR) type partitions have limitations of disk sizes up to 2 TB and four primary partitions. The newr GUID Partition Table (GPT) enables drives greater than 2 TB and up to 128 partitions.

You have installed a Windows 10 system that has failed. It turns out that the operating system needs to be reinstalled. The system does not come with any media. What reinstallation method would be best to try first? - Recovery partition - A recovery partition is a special partition on a PC system's hard drive that contains the original factory software, including the operating system and preinstalled device drivers. Booting from the recovery partition initiates an out of the box installation.

You want to create a standard image for installation on multiple computers on the network. What is the first step in the process of image deployment? - Install the operating system on a reference computer. - Image deployment provides a rapid way to install a standardized version of an operating system on one or more target computers. The operating system is first installed and configured with any additional software, security settings, or general user settings on a reference computer.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You plan on partitioning a hard drive. How many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-style partitions? - 4 - When using MBR-style(Master Boot Record) partitions, up to four primary partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as active. 

What partition type can be logical partiion be created in? - Extended - Logical partitions can be created inside an extended partition. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition and the logical partitions within can be used as logical drives. Logical partitions can be used as logical drives. Logical partitions can hold an operating system but are not bootable. 

Upon using a partitioning tool on your Windows 7 PC, you have deleted a partition labeled as recovery. What was this partition used for? - Factory recovery - A factory recovery partition is a special partition that is created by the manufacturer of the system. This partition is used to reinstall the system.

Upon using a partitioning tool on your Windows 7 PC, you have deleted a partition labeled as recovery. What was this partition used for? - Factory recovery - A factory recovery partition is a special partition that is created by the manufacturer of the system. This partition is used to reinstall the system. 

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-type (Master Boot Record) partitioned hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partition is allowed on a hard drive. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition is. An extended partition is divided into segments known as logical drives.

What partition type is bootable and can be marked as active? - Primary - Primary partitions are bootable partitions. A MBR-type (Master Boot Recod) partition can have up to four primary partitions. A primary partition can be marked as active, meaning it will be the boot partition.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You p[lan on partitioning a hard drive. How many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-style partitions? - 4 - When using MBR style partitions, up to 4 primary partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as active.

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-tyle partitions hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partition is allowed on a hard drive. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition is. An extended partition is divided into segments know as logical drives.



