Az-900
Az-204


which of the following is not true about cloud computing? - Cloud computing resources are usually limited to specific geographic regions. - Most cloud computing resources can be distributed to glocal datacenters.

True or false: You need to purchase an Azure account before you can use any resources. - False - You can use a free Azure account or a Microsoft Learn sandbox to create resources.

True or false: In an IaaS environment, the cloud tenant is responsible for routine hardware maintenance. - False -  In an IaaS environment, the cloud provider is responsible for any hardware maintenance.

Which of the following choices isn't a cloud computing category? - Networking
as a Service

Which of the following statements is true? - With Operating Expenses (OpEx)
you are only repsonsible for the computing reesources that you use.

Which of the following options isn't a type of cloud computing? - Distributed
cloud.

Which of the following choices isn't a benefit of using cloud services? -
Geographic isolation.

Which of the following can be used to manage governance across multiple Azure
subscriptions? - Management groups = Management groups facilitate the
hierarchical order of Azure resources into collecctions, at a elvel of scope
above subscriptions. Distinct governance conditions can be applied to each
management group, with Azure Policy and Azure role-based access controls, to
manage Azure subscriptions effectively. The resources and ubscriptions
assigned to a management group automatically inherit the conditions applied to
the management group.

Which of the following is a logical unit of Azure services that links to an
Azure account? Azure subscription.

Which of the following features doesn't apply to resources groups? - Resource
groups can be nested - True - they cannot be nested.

Which of the following statements is a valid statement about an Azure
subscription? - A subscription is a set of Azure services bundled together for
tracking and billing purposes.

Your development team is interested in writing Graph-based applications that
take advantage of the Gremlin API. Which option would be ideal for that
scenario? - Azure Cosmos DB supports SQL, MondoDB, Cassandra, Tables and
Gremlin APIs.

Tailwind Traders uses the LAMP stack for several of its websites. Which option
would be ideal for migration? - Azure database for MySQL is the logical choice
for existing LAMP stack applications.

Tailwind Traders has millions of log entries that it wants to analyze. Which
option would be ideal for analysis? - Azure Synapse Analytics is the logical
choice for analyzing large volumes of data.

Which Azure computer resource can be deployed to manage a set of identical
virtual machines? - Virtual machine sets.

Which of the following services sshould be used when the primary concern is to
perform work in response to an event (often via a REST command) that needs a
response in a few seconds? Azure Functions

Your company has a team of remote works that needd to use Windows-based
software to develop your company's applications, but your team members are
using various operating systems like MacOS, Linux, and Windows. Which Azure
computer service would help resolve this scenario? - Windows Virtual Desktop.



